---------------
$Id$
---------------

Terminology

---------------

Client
	A host for convention.  A single Client may run multiple
	individual conventions, or a single convention that recurs
	each year.

Convention
	A Convention usually run once every year (other names might
	be 'meeting' or 'convention').  It is the overarching term for
	a gathering or meeting.

Event
	A scheduled meeting, talk, lecture, or happening at a specific
	Convention.  Generally Conventions include many Events.

Registrant
	An attendee at a convention.  This can be guests, paid attendees,
	or staffmembers.  In many cases a Registrant can be defined as
	"Any person who gets a badge."

Registration Type
	Registrants attending conventions are generally registered under
	a specific registration type, such as "Full" or "Guest" or
	"Saturday Only".

Subscribed
	Because a Client may host multiple conventions, before a Registrant
	can start working with a convention, they must be Subscribed to
	it.  A Registrant starts the registration process by Subscribing
	to the convention, and starting the regsitration process.  If
	they do not complete registration, they may be Subscribed for a
	time without being officially Registered.

Registered
	Once a Registrant has paid for their attendnace fee (or has been
	given a free registration, colloquially known as 'comped') they
	are considered 'Registered'.  

	Note that Registered in general has nothign to do with whether
	a Registrant is attending an Event or not, that is seperate.  This
	is simply referring to "is this person allowed to attend the
	convention"

Badged
	The purpose of CONGO is to allow badges to be printed for
	Registrants.  Once a badge is printed, the Registrant is 
	considered Badged.  Some conventions print badges ahead of time,
	and Registrants may show up as Badged in that case even though
	they haven't actually received a badge.
	

Checked In
	Once a badge is issued to a Registrant, they are considered
	Checked In.  This is concept allows a convention manager to
	help determine no-shows, in particular for Conventiosn that
	pre-print badges.

